README.md, before:

Bukvarko
========
Bukvarko helps your kids learn the alphabet in a fun way.

My son started learning how to read and write so I created this simple game
to make the task easier for him. Different animals are shown as "questions" and 
you need to type in the animal name. You get a star for each correct answer. 
If you are unsure about what you wrote, you can have the computer read it out for you.

To avoid confusing the user, I hard-wired the language to Bosnian/Croatian/Serbian
since this is the language in which my family primarily reads and writes.

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mristin/bukvarko/master/screenshot.png)

Bug reports, feature suggestions *etc.* are highly welcome. Please create 
[an issue](https://github.com/mristin/bukvarko/issues/new). 

Development
-----------

Clone and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mristin/bukvarko.git
cd bukvarko
npm install
```

Start a development server:

```bash
npm run start
```

Format the code:

```bash
npm run format
```

To run the tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

Build for production:

```bash
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Reference live demo in readme

README.md, after:

Bukvarko
========
Bukvarko helps your kids learn the alphabet in a fun way.

My son started learning how to read and write so I created this simple game
to make the task easier for him. Different animals are shown as "questions" and 
you need to type in the animal name. You get a star for each correct answer. 
If you are unsure about what you wrote, you can have the computer read it out for you.

To avoid confusing the user, I hard-wired the language to Bosnian/Croatian/Serbian
since this is the language in which my family primarily reads and writes.

Live demo
---------
Live demo is available at the github page: https://mristin.github.io/bukvarko/.

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mristin/bukvarko/master/screenshot.png)


Development
-----------
Bug reports, feature suggestions *etc.* are highly welcome. Please create 
[an issue](https://github.com/mristin/bukvarko/issues/new). 

Clone and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mristin/bukvarko.git
cd bukvarko
npm install
```

Start a development server:

```bash
npm run start
```

Format the code:

```bash
npm run format
```

To run the tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

Build for production:

```bash
npm run build
```
